{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 USER MANUAL\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 As introduced, there will be a kernel module and user program for the code. The kernel module is in the folder called \'93kernel\'94. To make the kernel module as execution file, just type \'93make\'94 in the terminal when you\'92re in the folder as there is a makeFile being provided. Then, do \'93sudo insmod create_proc.ko\'94 will install the kernel module to the system.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 go back to the parent-folder, and type \'93make\'94 to make the executable files for \'93load.c\'94 and \'93spyGame.c\'94.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Load the game by typing \'93./load\'94 in one of the terminal (not all the terminal!), and input the number of players. Here, we require the number to be between 3 and 5 (inclusive).\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In each terminal (each terminal represents a player), type \'93./spyGame\'94 to start the game. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A word will be assigned to each player.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Then, after all the players get a word, each player will be prompted to input a brief description of their word one by one. The description of others\'92 will be shown on every player\'92s terminal along with their player ID.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Now, it\'92s voting time. Give a playerID vote him out!\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The player who gets the most votes will be out. (Assume no ties.) The game will be determined to be continued or not. If not, give the result to each player. (\'93Congratulation for your win\'94/ \'93You lose\'94)\uc0\u8232 \
}